So now that you've had some time
to work with grid a little bit,
see a couple of things demonstrated here.
Now it's time to apply this to
the webpage that we were working on at
a sort of as an isolation first.
And then you're going to incorporate
it into the homepage of the website.
So let's start with 12 A,
we're in chapter 12 now that's all of
the files are available up on GitHub.
And if you take a look inside
of the website for the course,
you'll see the instructions here for
this part of the course in what
you need to do and so forth.
So what we've got here first
is the mosaic grid, so
one of the popular things that people
are doing these days, is taking a bunch of
images that are perhaps portrait and
orientation and landscape and orientation.
And they're putting them together in
some kind of cool looking layout.
And so we've done that here with
the pop art collection of images.
And this is what it should
look like here on desktop.
You see the layout of all
of these images here.
This is something that we wouldn't
be able to achieve with flexbox.
Before we were just put
a series of images on our rows.
Now we need to think about
this in two dimensions.
So this is how I'd like it
to look here on desktop.
It will actually work just
fine as well on tablet.
And then, when we go to a mobile layout,
this is the way then it's going to look.
We're gonna pile these
on top of each other.
So in this first exercise, what I'm gonna
need for you to do is to, first of all,
of course, repeat what I just showed you,
take your fingers and your finger
captions and get them to overlap each
other, write the code to do that.
And then what I'd like for you to do is to
write the grid layout here for desktop.
Get all of the images here looking great
in this one document in isolation.
And get it working on mobile.
So that will be step number one.
Once you have that in place, if you
still have a little bit of extra time,
then I'd like you to go to
the homepage of the website,
and I'd like you to drop in pop art.
So we're gonna take out the collections
layout that we just had, everything
row by row, and we're gonna drop in this
pop art layout in the web page instead.
If you wanna keep the collections
part of the homepage and
just add on the pop art piece of this,
that's totally okay too.
So when you put together your code for
the first part of this challenge the 12A
mosaic grid by itself, think about
the code that you used in this homepage.
So you probably want to set this up as
a section, you probably want to set up
the HTML accordingly to match kind of
what we did but we're going to now apply
grid for the layout instead of using
flexbox for our particular layout.
Then you're gonna need to bring those
styles that you write in isolation for
the mosaic portion of 12A
part of this challenge,
and incorporate that into the homepage,
that to sort of raise the level of look
here in the homepage that we've been
working on throughout the course.